content/en/opentelemetry/guide: mention Datadog Processor (#16439)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/guide/trace_ingestion_volume_control.md

If you decide to reduce the ingestion volume for certain services, the **request, error, and latency [metrics][3]** (known as RED metrics, for Requests, Errors, and Duration) remain 100% accurate, as they are being calculated based on 100% of the application's traffic, regardless of any sampling configuration. These metrics are included when purchasing Datadog APM. In order to make sure you have full visibility into your application's traffic, you can use these metrics to spot potential errors on a service or a resource, by creating dashboards, monitors, and SLOs.

> **Note**: If your applications and services are instrumented with OpenTelemetry libraries and you set up sampling at the SDK level and/or at the collector level, APM metrics are based on the **sampled** set of data. Please see [Ingestion Sampling with OpenTelemetry][4] for a better understanding and a way to mitigate this using the collector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If your applications and services are instrumented with OpenTelemetry libraries and you set up sampling at the SDK level and/or at the collector level, APM metrics are based on the **sampled** set of data by default. Use the [Datadog metrics processor][17] to keep the metrics accuracy while using collector-level sampling. Please read [Ingestion Sampling with OpenTelemetry][4] for more information.
```

Author: Sounds good, but let's not call it "Datadog *Metrics* Processor". It may do other things in the future. OK?

> **Note**: If your applications and services are instrumented with OpenTelemetry libraries and you set up sampling at the SDK level and/or at the collector level, APM metrics are based on the **sampled** set of data by default. Use the [Datadog processor][17] to keep the metrics accuracy while using collector-level sampling. Please read [Ingestion Sampling with OpenTelemetry][4] for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: If your applications and services are instrumented with OpenTelemetry libraries and you set up sampling at the SDK level and/or at the collector level, APM metrics are based on the **sampled** set of data by default. Use the [Datadog Processor][17] to keep the metrics accuracy, while using collector-level sampling. See [Ingestion Sampling with OpenTelemetry][4] for more information.
```

[1]: /tracing/trace_pipeline/ingestion_controls
[2]: /tracing/trace_pipeline/ingestion_mechanisms/
[3]: /tracing/metrics/metrics_namespace/
[4]: /opentelemetry/guide/ingestion_sampling_with_opentelemetry/
[5]: /tracing/trace_pipeline/generate_metrics/
[6]: /monitors/create/types/apm/?tab=analytics
[7]: /tracing/trace_pipeline/ingestion_mechanisms/#head-based-sampling
[8]: /tracing/trace_pipeline/metrics/
[9]: /tracing/trace_pipeline/ingestion_mechanisms/#error-traces
[10]: /tracing/trace_pipeline/ingestion_mechanisms/#rare-traces
[11]: /tracing/trace_pipeline/ingestion_mechanisms/?tab=environmentvariables#in-tracing-libraries-user-defined-rules
[12]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/sdk.md#traceidratiobased
[13]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/sdk.md#parentbased
[14]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/processor/tailsamplingprocessor/README.md
[15]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/processor/probabilisticsamplerprocessor/README.md

> [16]: /tracing/legacy_app_analytics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[16]: /tracing/legacy_app_analytics
[17]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/datadogprocessor
```
